>> Scott Moss: I promised that I was
gonna walk through how GraphQL resolves
different levels.
I forgot I was supposed to do that,
so let's do that first.
I think that would be very helpful.
Because I know when I first saw that I
was just like whooh man, that is awesome.
So let's start with that.
>> Scott Moss: So many branches.
Okay, I got to write all that over again.
>> Scott Moss: Let's start as a user.
>> Scott Moss: Wait, there we go, okay.
So user, one more time.
Getting user,
>> Scott Moss: Getting playlists,
>> Scott Moss: And then getting songs.
>> Scott Moss: And
then on the song, test: String.
>> Scott Moss: And down here, Song,
>> Scott Moss: Test,
return test,
>> Scott Moss: And getting test, okay.
Now we can try.
>> Scott Moss: All right, so come back in
GraphQL, and if we run this query again.
Actually let's refresh to make
sure GraphQL is up to date.
We can check the query of song and
we should see test also.
So I'll just come down here and
I'll say I also want to get
the test before I run this.
Everything looks good.
I'll look at the logs and
we can see right here.
It's getting the user.
Then it was getting the playlist,
then it was getting the songs,
then it was getting the test, right?
So let's undo all these queries and
see what keeps logging.
So I'm gonna get rid of test,
and I'm gonna run this again.
Notice it does not getting test, we didn't
asked for it so it didn't try to get it.
Now, I'm gonna get rid of songs.
>> Scott Moss: I don't
need to refresh that.
I'm gonna get rid of songs.
Notice it's not saying getting songs.
I didn't ask for it, all right?
Kill that, and then if I get rid
of playlists, it's not asking for
playlists because I didn't ask for it.
It only resolves what you ask for.
And that's the power, that's
the thing that I wanted to show you.
So you have to create the resolvers
if someone asked for it but
you don't know if they will or not.
Which is why you want to have nested
resolvers versus putting everything in one
flat resolver that gets every
possible combination of everything.
You would never know what
someone was asking for.
And if you did,
you probably have a very restrictive API
that you probably don't need GraphQL.
You should just use REST or
something, most likely, or
just your own implementation or whatever.
>> Scott Moss: Any questions on that, how
that's working, or I know some people if
you think like me, you might be thinking,
well, how do I break that?
Cuz that's how I learn,
I'm like how do I break that?
Anybody thinking like that,
what are some questions around what
are the fallacies of that,
or anything like that?
>> Scott Moss: Nope,
all right, cool, okay.
So now back to the test.
If you're on lesson 14,
go ahead and write some tests.
It is now 4:04,
we'll come back here at 4:30.